(An up-to-date version of this file can be viewed at http://phpmygrades.sourceforge.net/UsersGuide)

phpmygrades strives to be very easy to use.  However, documentation is provided in case 
someone needs it, or just feels like reading it.

This guide is split into two different sections:
1.  students
2.  teachers

(Note:  For information regarding use of the system via accesskeys, read 
the file called 'accesskeys.')

For students
============
1.  To login to phpmygrades, go to wherever your school or institution has it.  Then 
login with your username and password, which should have been provided to you.
2.  After logging in, you will be transferred to the main menu.  Here, you will be 
provided with your latest grades (if you have any), and latest news (if any).  Also, 
under this information box will be a list of your classes, with your current average in 
each.
3.  If you want to view all the assignments in a certain class, click on its respective 
name.  For example, if you want to view your assignments in your calculus class, click 
on 'calculus.'
4.  After clicking on the class's name, you will be presented with information about 
the class, including the teacher, your average, and a list of the assignments for that 
grading period.  If you wish to change grading periods (if available) 
click on the respective link.
5.  Next, you can check your messages (or send one to a teacher or the administrator) by clicking on 
the link that says 'messages.'  This link may also be replaced with 'new message(s)' if you 
have one or more unread messages.
6.  Under the 'options' link, you can change various settings, like your 
password and e-mail address.
7.  Finally, the 'logout' link will log you out of the system.


For teachers
============
1.  Login to the system with your username and password.  You will be transferred to the main page.
2.  From here, you can add or edit an assignment for your classes (via 'classes'), view and send 
messages (via 'messages', which may say 'new message(s)' if you have new messages), add or edit news 
posts for your classes (via 'add:edit news'), change your options (via 'options'), and logout (via 
'logout').
3.  If you click on the 'classes' link, you will be presented with a list of your classes (for all 
semesters), as well as options to add/edit assignments and view the list of students in the class.  The 
list of students also has the students' current average.
4.  After clicking on 'add an assignment,' you will be presented with a form that will allow you to add 
an assignment to the class.  This includes the assignment's name, the date it was assigned and the 
total amount of points it was worth.  You can also assign how many points a student scored on the 
assignment.  If the student needs to make up the assignment, or you don't want it to show up in their 
average (useful for bonus assignments), put a 'x' (or 'X') in the box.  To add the assignment, click 
'add the assignment.'
5.  Editing an assignment is done in almost the same way.  You just choose the assignment's name from 
the list.  It is also possible to remove an assignment with this form.
6.  The other menu items should be self-explanatory.  If they are not, feel free to contact me for 
help.

